welcome to top 10 android apps org
that's top 10 android apps org and today
we're going to be reviewing the android
market yes it seems that google have
finally got their act together and
created a place to go on the web where
you can access all your apps very simply
very straightforwardly and it's less
higgledy-piggledy as it was before and
all the apps are collated in one nice
easy place on the web now and this is
just launched and I've done an initial
look through and uploaded a couple of
apps on it and I have to say the beauty
of this is it's pure simplicity and I'm
going to take you through it very
roughly will may do a more in-depth
review later but I wanted to get this
out there since this is only just
launched today so the place you need to
go is market android com that's
market.android.com now here we are as
you can see it's nicely laid out has
current featured apps here and then more
featured here and they generally the
ones that seem to be featured and then
here the top paid ones that you might be
interested in and then the top three
ones another thing about the android
apps is a lot of android apps are
downloaded but unfortunately for google
most of them are free unlike the apples
for the ipad and the RM iphone we're a
large percentage of them are actually
bought in our part of that is the fact
of their availability on iTunes and
having a central place where all the
apps are located and the ease of
uploading them very quickly to your
iPhone or iPad well this is what android
marketplace
is attempting to address so here we are
and down the side you've got the
categories which are split into
subcategories so you've got games
they're split applications lots of
outputting different applications there
now I'm going to search for something
very simply because what i want to show
you is how quick and easy it is to get
yourself around here and to upload an
app to your trusty phone here i am with
my trusty HTC Wildfire so not the most
powerful android phone there is but i
think it just demonstrates how effective
the marketplace is so put that down for
one second and straight away i want to
look at a the guardian which is a
newspaper in the UK so let's search for
the Guardian on the site and here it is
The Guardian and there it is to install
now before I do that it's going to want
me to sign in now when I first came to
this site I haven't pre-registered or
signed with the android marketplace all
i have to sign in is my current google
detail so if i sign in with my google
mail account
sign in there we are so there I'm
thinking well that's all good and dandy
but how am I then going to get this app
to my phone I've only signed in with my
google mail account so here we are the
Guardian newspaper I want that on my
phone so I'm going to hit install and it
asks me what device it's got phone here
I don't know what the defaults are but
phone it's what we want to do the normal
your application is going to access
these various things that's all fine I'm
happy with that it's free and be more
happy with that wack install there we
are the app will be downloaded to your
device shortly okay great simple as that
so let's have a look at the old HTC
wildfire so here we are my HTC let's
just how do I bring it in you can see
and switch it on so you can see and
that's okay
sad poop excuse me I
right so there we are and straightway
you can see here at the top and it's
downloading so let's look and there you
can see that
this the guardian cessfully installed
and that is guardian okay UK loaded
updating information very good so this
will be our focus because of the am i
prepare you can see that better and
there it is the guardian app newspaper
app and it really is that simple as i
said i'm going to be exploring it the
android marketplace a lot more and
checking out how it works but i just
really wanted to show the ease and
simplicity that there is a finding the
app on the computer and be you just
whack that install button and it pings
it straight to your phone and if you
have a google account it's they've got
all the details and it installs
automatically it could not be easier so
i think google have really sorted
themselves out here and have a great
android marketplace a great marketplace
and I think the net result is that
people will discover more exciting paid
apps and they may well see an increase
in the amount of paid for apps that
people start downloading onto their
phones so that's all from me and us here
at top 10 android app store gets top 10
android apps to org i'd be interested to
know what your thoughts are so drop me a
line and good luck and enjoy the android
marketplace thank you